Section 1 Review for Test

Q1) What appeals to you about the Bible’s promises for the future?

A2) The promise that the kingdom of heaven will one day be on earth, that there will be an eternal life, no diseases, no pain, no suffering, and we will be blessed with Jehovahs love.

Q2) Why do you believe that the Bible is the Word of God?

A2) The Bible is written between 1513 BCE and 96 CE, so excluding the year 0, thats 1608 years over which the books which portrayed the teachings from Jehovah as he appeared before certain prophets, apostles, evangelists, hagiographers, historians. The scriptures are historically accurate, scientifically accurate, medically accurate, psychologically accurate and the prophecies predicted by the Major Prophets, Isaiah, Jeramiah, Izekial and Daniel came true. The descriptions in 2 Timothy is also on point regarding the attitudes of many people today. People risked their lives to preserve the teachings of the Bible up until the days of the printing press, William Tyndale was enhammered by the teachings and helped carry it to the finish line. It was then translated into over 240 languages. 

Q3) Why is it important to use Jehovah’s name?

A3) I like it when people use my name correctly, it makes me feel like I'm properly being addressed and dispells confusion regarding whether a comment, question or request is directed towards me. God is his title, as is the Most High and many other titles, but Jehovah is his name, similar to how I am Liam as a name and Business Intelligence Lead as a title. 

Q4) The Bible says that God is “the source of life.” (Psalm 36:9) Do you believe that?

A4) Yes Jehovah created me and everyone on earth in his image. We design things based off his creations, biomimickry, such as velcro, bullet trains, sharkskin swimsuits, etc. We cannot recreate life from the components it seems to be created from. We don't know how life went from RNA chemical soup to DNA and proteins. We can't recreate a seed from its components or the egg that gets impregnated by a sperm. The 17 fundamental particles have mass', charges, colors such that we get diversity of properties of elements in the periodic table which lead to RNA being possible in the first place. All of these things seem to be miracles. But they are divine creation.

Q5A) Why is Jehovah the best Friend we can have?

A5A) Jehovah listens to all our prayers and uses the holy spirit to help on the path to righteousness. He created us in his image and he knows of our pain when we suffer, and wants us to throw all of our anxieties onto him because he cares for us. He is slow to anger and is merciful. No one loves us as much as Jehovah does. He allows us to petition for his support when we are challenged by obstacles and temptations placed in front of us by Satan and wants us to overcome these obstacles and temptations as Job did and as Joshua aided the Israelites to. 

Q5B) What does Jehovah expect of his friends? Do you think this is reasonable?

A5B) Jehovah expects his friends to be upright and righteous and to follow the 10 commandments as said in Exodus; 

1) Thou Shall Not Place any other Gods Before Me
2) Thou Shall Not Worship False Idols
3) Thou Shall Not Use the Lords Name in Vain
4) Thou Shall Respect the Sabath
5) Honor Your Father and Mother
6) Thou Shall Not Commit Murder
7) Thou Shall Not Commit Adultery
8) Thou Shall Not Steal
9) Thou Shall Not Lie
10) Thou Shall Not Covet

This will be a guide to righteousness and read the Bible as it will answer all the questions clarifying the egregious and insideous ways these sins can be committed.

Q6A) What are some things that you have prayed to Jehovah about? What else could you pray about?

IAA) I pray to Jehovah before consuming a meal, and Bible Study and during meetings. I acklowledging all blessings, the things I am grateful for in general and individually regarding these events and the people I am delighted to be around during the events. I ask for forgiveness for my sins and for my focus to be full and directed to the people at these events and the ongoing activities with active attention and listening. I could further pray for strength and energy in accomplishing all my micro goals throughout the day and for overcoming every obstacle in my way while maintaining my commitment towards the path of righteousness.

FAA)

Q6B) How does Jehovah answer prayers?

IAB) He uses the holy spirit to guide us towards our goals though our works and righteous acts. He listens to all prayers and petitions and allows the fruit to blossom when the proper time comes.

FAB)

Q7A) How can the meetings of Jehovah’s Witnesses benefit you?

IAA) Being there in heart and spirit aligns our commitment to Jehovah. It brings us together as a community in our congregation and in our assemblies. It allows us to study the Bible together and share perspective on different questions propositioned around a set of scripture. It strengthens our spirit in connection to Jehovah. It deepens our understanding on his words communicated to us.

FAB)

Q7B) Do you think it is worth the effort to attend meetings?

Yes because the meetings are beneficial for reasons meantioned about. It also provides a boost in energy which matches the energy expended in the short term, but provides much more extra energy in the long term from strengthening our resolve.

Q8) Why is it good to read the Bible regularly? What is your daily Bible-reading program?

IA) Reading the Bible regularly helps us discover new insights into how to handle obstacles and temptations we encounter in everyday life. Sometimes we need an accountability system that reminds us regularly that the word of Jehovah is there to help us in everyday life, and it is his way of communicating with us without making use of the holy spirit. Reading daily allows us to have this accountability system and to make small changes throughout each week to align our hearts and our actions along the path of righteousness. My daily reading involved playing the audio version of the Bible through jw.org and reviewing verses topically and sporadically through the Enjoy Life Forever Study Guide.

FA) 

Q9) What have you enjoyed most about your Bible study so far?

IA) I have enjoyed most the different guests who are choregraphed to have personality traits, stories and skillsets aligned with that particular study. My teacher has put in great effort to provide the best possible learning experience, follow-up questions to drive in the right takeaways and is patient in answering all my questions related to the topic.

FA) Same

Q10) Since starting to study the Bible, what challenges, if any, have you faced? What can help you to keep studying?

IA) I struggled with seeing myself able to break down the task into manageble chunks and find the right approach to understand everything in one big picture. I have the Learn From the Bible saved on my phone on the JW app but i've barely started it. I have Enjoy Life Forever lessons regularly but haven't gotten through all 60 lessons yet individually, but i've done well to prepare for the lessons with my teacher but studying the lessons prior, before and during thoroughly. I have started Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, and have a high level synopsis understanding of each book in the Hebrew and Greek sections and what their teachings are but no further depth than that. I have struggled to fully get the ball rolling but the momemntum is building exponentially. I really just have to keep the momentum going along this trajectory and major progress will continue to happen faster, but I need to keep this momentum up once I am back to work and waking up at 4:30am every morning.

FA) Same




